boards: modules: tfm: reduce secure RAM for minimal profile (#28680)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/debug/memfault_ncs.rst

* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_STACK_METRICS`
* :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_BT_METRICS`

Flash-backed coredump storage
-----------------------------

When :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_INTERNAL_FLASH_BACKED_COREDUMP` is enabled, the storage region is resolved at build time using one of the following sources:

* **Partition Manager** (legacy): When :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED` is ``y``, a ``MEMFAULT_STORAGE`` partition is generated automatically. The size defaults to 64 kB and can be overridden with :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_MEMFAULT_STORAGE`.
* **Devicetree** (NCS 3.4+ recommended): When Partition Manager is disabled, the backend locates a fixed partition labelled ``memfault_coredump_partition`` under the internal flash controller.

> The easiest way to enable the devicetree path is the :ref:`snippet-memfault-coredump` snippet, which supplies a per-board overlay defining the partition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MEMFAULT_NCS_INTERNAL_FLASH_BACKED_COREDUMP` is enabled, the storage region is resolved at build time using one of the following sources:

* If you enable Partition Manager (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PARTITION_MANAGER_ENABLED`):

  The build system automatically generates a ``MEMFAULT_STORAGE`` partition.
  The default size is 64 kB.
  You can override the size by using :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_PM_PARTITION_SIZE_MEMFAULT_STORAGE`.

* If you do not enable Partition Manager (using Devicetree, recommended):

  The backend locates a fixed partition labeled ``memfault_coredump_partition`` under the internal flash controller.

The easiest way to enable the Devicetree path is the :ref:`snippet-memfault-coredump` snippet.
This snippet provides a per-board overlay that defines the partition:
```
